my friend I'm back from the
holiday back and can you the beautiful one
record videos and make the beginning
me now with tiger or me now
none seen in the last chapter and
I just want to talk about his
ability to choose freely over his devils
and about who he starts a war with
But I would like to start again
and remember your engine
he became young and young
yes, the theory that music without goals
is and if not exactly
motore be can understand is
I'll explain it very fast time
left the home to face a demon
to fight from a distant land
and he is fighting this demon with animals
to penetrate this demon and yes
I believe, like many others in the
then should have cold soup then
We would be in his dream then or in
Looking back, that one
Giant hand came to him and him
I wanted to grab that's what I think
because you musician is the real king
von war no kuni is and nobody wants
to be the one who is and needs a king
that's why musicians are trying to get him out of the way
So create moped against the D-mark
fight with help promise the animals
and invade his fortress and the
Bonds without all the demons
defeat
why I tell you that
I'll go back and with whom
small war starts on it I come up
Please speak again
I want to talk about his abilities now
and its devilish fruit turn it over
Now there are two options
the first possibility is that he has one
dragon fruit I believe the theory
I do not have to go with the kite right now
necessarily to explain
but they announce that they
actually not that much dying
can and a pretty hard skin
have nothing to penetrate
so they are virtually immortal and
we have very hard body where the
asse lock break in april and and
and he just can not vote
but if you ask yourself why now
eintracht it has not even be
seen dragon form he is also easy
fallen down
yes okay, jumped down and was on
his normal form
that's wrong because he can still do it
his kite will be in his shape
permanent costume form so that its
skin is super super hard is that we have
also seen at marco he warns his
people, however, was also permanently
phoenix so could always so herter so
not just the switching
he was in his phoenix form could
Healing where he was hit
from bullets therefore he has at once
burned so he was in his phoenix
form and not his human was ok
somehow both so he has it
Therefore, while perfected on his
But man misses in his life as well
phoenix form
I hope you can follow me what I am
speech sounds so crazy
but I know nobody could but in
his costume to be so in the form the
we have seen his or his
Just skin so ultra strong that nothing
can penetrate and he just can not
So the kite theory can die
I really do not have to believe that
tell a lot to have other
always something tells but what we know
is that has no horns and it is
have not seen an eye as
a skin would surface the snake
scales like crocodiles steal like one
tiger and turner like a bull and the
eyes of a demon so that with the
I ask myself because we are the
eyes just have not seen and
besides, no one could be many
other animals thus determined in total
100 pieces so that it is the second
theory that could be all this
without theory, therefore, the demon he for
would like to fight young
june is a mixture of many many
so many animals are 100 animals and oni
said that he is huge and
maybe even cairo only now
seen in its normal size and
are it really much much bigger or still
warming in his uniform senses already
is a little bigger because he looked for me
on the sky island already smaller
so he could actually be in his
uniform look that i always believed
panicked said that sony
stronger than the strongest class tourist
and so also immortal is so
certain cinema is the strongest creature
it is actually the world and oni as well
So that would actually be possible
and another thing is that he
sometimes unhappy with his life
is or sony and guerrilla too
That's why he had tried
kill or try always
kill again
but one thing still speaks against the
devil theory because if not always
trying to kill himself as well
have tried to hop into the water and
if he has a devil's fruit the worth
rather not able to swim and have to
down so it only go as an idea
but now enough devil's fruits
maybe yes maybe that
also something completely different and or
surprised us again but neat
I personally hope for the without
theory and we have now
found out that Cairo is in a war
but would like to start with whom
just do not leave with rafi and
probably not with the
flamingo he does not even know
that a jogger was defeated
he was on the sky island than yes
new message was announced the village
was defeated
So against whom will start no logic
want to mention that dörfler wants to
The last war should hurry
approaching or the last war begins
He also mentioned why he should
do now likely thought the cairo
becomes the world government
challenged at the time marine
where has possibly been planned in these
to die and because we can
also possibly the only human
be on the world of to a civil
because kaida defeat and kill him
maybe there was something between the two
so between no and whiteboard me
guess no one wanted by far to handle
but die if two
means to tune guys on the same day
that is probably total chaos in the world
and no one may have one now
hate against schenk because he was in those days
has stopped and is none and none
it 's just impossible to get that far
will die then or die
could and that has led to two
possibilities so two options
against whom he wants to lead the war
the first option is the
he wants the
world government
Maybe because he also hears that
World Government abhors because they
corrupt it to not go and
He had been in the war at the time
besides, adobe also has on his side
because there for meego is also against the
heavenly kites and against the
So world government would be logical
if the two have tried the
destroy world government second
possibility is that he is against the
I would like to lead
I believe that or just no now
right in front of kit and his alliance
he just threw it
said that he schenkst I want to kill
think there is more behind it I can
do not imagine kate was leaving now
carlo wants to fight because he wants to
Chen's bissinger and he knows
probably a lot of strong cairo is what
he is for a beast i think he that
he bandaged his clothing
because he also wants a hate against
and there's the kit alliance
would like to sing it would be only in
their senses when they come together
to fight against gift
that would mean that it is
a fight between two houses is and
probably the world has never had that
seen two or a fight between the
two strongest persons but let us
not forget a possibility
and that is a war about warnow kun
but i might not know why
that's the biggest war in the world right now
that's why we should do that
so I do not care about the theory
I hope you liked what says
you to this theory with the
service robot uni creature or with whom
he wants a war i want that
I'm really interested in me too
More videos about Cairo and his troupe
and to his army would do that too
have seen little to'll
I believe this time again
are trapped by bismarck
sanchez